# The-Importance-of-Positive-Energy

To truly love your brethren is to want them to feel positive energies. Positive energies will make them smile, laugh and feel comfortable, without feeling negative afterword. Meditate on this simple idea, and you have the key to feeling good yourself. It's to make others feel positive. To laugh with others is the opposite of pain. I like comedy better than dram for this reason, but to watch dramas like Law and Order is good as well, to learn how to better stay away from negativity. As humans, we sing like birds, we dance like deer. We like to drink beer socially. We like to congregate and be with each other. When happy sometimes, we like to be to ourselves. Do all of these things, but do them the right way, which is comfortably, and we shall be positive and successful.

Ask yourself this: would you rather be reading right next to a person that's smiling or looking sad? To read not to one who is truly happy definitely won't make you, and you should care as a fellow human, saddened at their sadness. Now you can focus on reading! But if a person is sad near you while engaged in activity, focus on them first.Even if you can't solve their problems, as to help is to emit peace to them. To emit peace to your brethren is to also give yourself a sense of peace. Think about it. In an interaction, if two people are at peace, then both of them are calm. Thanks Stephanie.

Do not covet inanimate objects, I highly suggest. If you do this with anything, it should be others' lives. Find balance in your soul before you try to balance inanimate objects. Thing like cell phones aren't as important as peoples' souls, lives,  bodies. Treasure your brethren as if they were  gold.

Correlate with your brethren so as to not create rifts in negative energy. Do not involve deceit in what should be love, influence in positive ways, and you will indeed deserve it back. Being deceitful will scare your brethren. It also has a chance of scaring you back, by you possibly pondering any type of retaliation. Us humans generally have harder time being happy when also scared.

Do not fill yourself with such a negative thing as hatred., Latching onto things that make you a hate-filled person, such as past abuse,would only serve to hold you back from true positive joy. Instead, hold fast onto love. Know first what actual, non-fake love is, before diving head first into something that could set you up for failure through negative energies. Do not let negative energies or entities influence you, as they are only there to be outshine by positive light in due time. In fact, time is here for us to right past wrongs once we have become adults. Some become adults quite early given certain circumstances but we all, as human beings, have done some wrong as children. Being a child is to be within your main learning period. This is why a true natural love is one';s love for their child or younger sibling. The true elder wants the children to learn while not being harmed, through thick and thin. The fake elder wants to harm children. Do not trust those types of elders until they become positive. Do not trust them to give you true knowledge until then, as they would rather keep you from it than see you have it.

Knowledge is indeed powerful, as we all know. The funny thing is, while some would lead you directly to it, some would want to carry you away from it on a stretcher. I've been in these types of situations myself. Stay away from the latter type of person until they are more positive. You will know they are once they are not trying to keep you from truth and happiness. Trust them then, but only then. While you are in it, abuse is definitely not a laughable matter. However, for your own sense of joy, laugh past abuse off through realizing how awesome it is to not be in it anymore. When out of it, relish the time not to get physical revenge, but to focus on bettering yourself mentally and physically as well as helping your loved ones do the same. Gain more loved ones through fellowship as you go on throughout life. Extend your family, as family is indeed everything. In fact, we are all family, as family is indeed everything. In fact, we are all family. We are all each others' neighbors on Earth. Accept your family, and do not attempt to bring them negative experiences. To see others experience negative energy is painful to the truly positive person.                 

Do your best not  to recreate any of your abusive experiences for other people to possibly suffer. That is not positive, nor is it honorable. To sustain positive energy, and life itself, is pure joy. Whether it be through art, science, engineering, or just positive words such as these, do your best to help sustain the lives of all your brethren and you will find joy, peace, positivity, true happiness. Do not feel trapped by happiness, and do your best to not forget your old pals, nor your family.
